High Level FunctionalityThis page discusses a high level overview of the infrastructure and functionality of Litentry.The 3 layers required for decentralized identity data computationLitentry utilizes an infrastructure where identity data progresses from a disordered and scattered state to a structured state. The Litentry identity computation network consists of three core layers that create a verifiable, privacy-enhancing identity computation process. They are:1.Source data layer. This layer obtains and indexes raw data from the blockchain and other networks, such as Etherscan, The Graph, Subquery, Onfinality, and other data providers.2.Address analysis layer. This layer mainly serves to provide detailed data analysis or scores & labels, such as Chainalysis and Achainable. 3.Identity aggregation layer. Litentry enables users to store address relations associated with a single subject as an Identity Graph in a secure manner. This is achieved by encrypting the data and using Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) for computation. Persuaded by the Identity Graph, we obtain the corresponding address analysis results from the address analysis layer, and generate verifiable credentials or perform a weighted score calculation.The 3 stages of the Litentry Protocol functionality The functionality of the Litentry protocol is divided into three main stages. These stages are interrelated and they interact together to ensure the privacy of user data.1.Linking sensitive identities: The Litentry Protocol starts with the creation of an aggregated identity. In the Identity Hub, the user can prove ownership of their various accounts. The relationships between these accounts are stored in the form of an identity graph inside a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE). This TEE is a hardware black box where the sensitive account relationships are stored, managed, and calculated. It cannot be tampered with and is only visible to the root user.2.Generating scores and credentials: When an identity score is requested from a specific user's identity graph, the necessary web2 and web3 data is fetched in real-time. The score or credential is calculated inside the TEE and issued as a verifiable credential without exposing any root accounts or metadata. The verifiable credential simply states the truth. It is stored encrypted on Litentry's parachains for verification purposes and sent to the user's local storage.3.Issuance of verifiable credentials: Litentry uses W3C Verifiable Credential standards as the format for sharing identity scores or labels outside the Identity Hub. This allows for privacy-preserving, selective disclosure of identity data according to a self-sovereign identity framework.PreviousProblem & SolutionNextIdentity Use CasesLast modified 27d agoCopy linkOn this pageThe 3 layers required for decentralized identity data computationThe 3 stages of the Litentry Protocol functionality 