Product FeaturesThis page provides an overview of the Identity Hub product features.The Identity Hub ClientThe ID-Hub client is the interface for the user to generate, manage and interact with their aggregated identities. The client will also sync with the Litentry blockchain to submit the latest state of the user's ID graph and issue verifiable credentials. When a 3rd party dApp wants to access the user's identity data, it must make a request to the ID-Hub client and get the user's authorization before it gets the data. The Litentry blockchain will only allow returning identity data to the identity owner, it is up to the user to decide whether to give the data to a 3rd party.The ID-Hub client and interface allows the user to interact with the following product features.Identity DashboardThe profile Dashboard offers the Identity Owner an overview of their current decentralised identity. The information displayed on the dashboard can range from identity insights, trends relevant to their identities and new opportunities to leverage and use their decentralised identity across the web3 ecosystem. As our feature roadmap evolves over time so will our identity dashboard. Identity GraphAn identity graph records the sensitive relationships between the different accounts of a user. It is used for mapping the user’s aggregated identity through any of the associated crypto addresses. IDHub aims to provide the tool to generate a trustless identity graph that can be used for generating verifiable identity data for Web3 products and services. Read more about how an identity graph is safely stored inside the TEE or how we secure privacy.​Verifiable CredentialsBy analysis of the on-chain history, IDHub is able to add credentials to the aggregated identity of the user. e.g. The credential 'long term holder' is added or created when on-chain data proofs that the identity owner has held a digital asset over an extensive period of time. These credentials can unlock custom product experiences, exclusive access or other benefits. Credentials allows the Identity Hub to offer a tailored experience to the identity owner and show dApp offerings that fit the user's preferences. Identity ScoresThe IDhub enables scores that reflect your web3 experience, crypto engagement, and trustworthiness as a human. A score is an identity analysis of a user’s web3 & web2 behaviour. Scores provide a more granular assessment, filtering or segmentation of the user, but are also less exclusive. Not everyone has the same experience but could still get access due to their effort in different fields. Scores are more nuanced and complex than credentials. IDHub uses weighted verifiable credentials to calculate scores, and uses these scores to match projects and their identity benefits with their desired audience.  Exploring Identity BenefitsIn the near futures projects will be able to offer 'Identity Benefits' to user who share granular access to some of their identity data. Projects can get to know more by asking less. Instead of only having information about 1 wallet address the projects now can request all relevant information available across the aggregated identity of the user while respecting their privacy. Front-end Products - PreviousIdentityHubNextSecuring PrivacyLast modified 27d agoCopy link