FAQThis page discusses frequently asked questions. Please do not hesitate to get in touch via discord when you're running into trouble.Can Litentry see the sensitive relationships between the accounts in my profile?No, the sensitive relationships between the accounts are stored in the Trusted Execution Environment, which is only accessible when the private key of the identity owner is included in the request to open it. Currently, all the SGX nodes are under the control of Litentry, which minimizes the risk of attacks by malicious nodes. Litentry is actively working towards decentralization, and the eventual decentralization of the nodes is inevitable. Please also read TEE FAQ​What are the next chains that you would like to be more present on?Our protocol is designed to be EVM compatible, furthermore Identity Data and the format in which we issue identity data is ‘blockchain agnostic’. A verifiable credential is a human readable text format. See it as an official letter that contains all the necessary information to verify whether the content in the letter is true. Although we are using a parachain as a trust anchor to store our verifiable credential on any other dapp or protocol is able to use these credentials without the need to be present on the polkadot ecosystem. So we can basically integrate any type of data a blockchain data indexer can offer, be it avalanche, solana, or other L2’s. How does the shielding key protect my data during processing and computation?A shielding key is a 256-bit AES-GCM cryptographic key pair that is generated randomly and protected by the user password. Its public key is used by the litentry TEE worker to encrypt user sensitive information when passing back the data. It is an extra layer of security on top of your Substrate private key (Account) used exclusively to encrypt your data for transmission and ensure only you or the Enclaves can decrypt it.How do I send my verifiable credential to a dApp or community?Decentralised identity is in it's early stages and we need to see industry wide adoption of it's standards to reach a very user friendly experience. Currently we are exploring different options of transferring a credential or json format to the receiving project, community or verifier of the credential. We are exploring sending the credential from a wallet or offer custom integrations with partners. Will the IDhub's credentials be used for KYC?Litentry is currently not heavily focussed on Know Your Customer type of verifiable credentials. Litentry supports the development of pseudonymous economies where credential are sufficient to Trust Your Customer. We hope to unlock a greater equality of opportunity for everyone regardless of their personal backgrounds or characteristics.​​PreviousSet up a Shielding KeyNextLitentry FoundationLast modified 27d agoCopy link