⛏
Retroactive Mining Rewards
Retroactive Mining Rewards Program is to reward users who have been with us since our early days and complete certain milestones:
Starting Time: 00:00(UTC) on 16th Dec 2021 
Total Allocation: 3.5% of APX Total Supply
Participation: This program is to reward users with early contributions to ApolloX and is by invite only. CEX users will receive invitation emails. DEX users will be informed on trading page.
APX Collection: APX is estimated to be on PancakeSwap on 22nd December 2021. Participants will be able to claim on the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program page.
Users would qualify for the program in one out of the following three ways：
Affiliate Whitelist
Allocation: 1.5% of APX Total Supply
Target Trading Volume: 500,000USDT
ApolloX Affiliates who joined by 8th December 2021 23:59 (UTC) are qualified for the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program. Whitelisted members will be able to claim APX once they meet the trading volume target.
Additional Reading: Click to see 
How to Join ApolloX Affiliate Program
. 
Best Traders Whitelist
Allocation: 1% of APX Total Supply
Target Trading Volume: 100,000USDT
By 8th December 2021 23:59 (UTC), users with an accumulated trading volume of no less than 20,000 USDT are qualified for the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program. Whitelisted members will be able to claim APX once they meet the trading volume target.
By 8th December 2021 23:59 (UTC), users who participated in the ApolloX Draw & Earn Campaign and spent more than 100 USDT purchasing the draw chances are qualified for the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program. Whitelisted members will be able to claim APX once they meet the trading volume target. 
Participation Whitelist
Allocation: 1% of APX Total Supply
Target Trading Volume: 50,000USDT
By 8th December 2021 23:59 (UTC), users with an accumulated trading volume of no less than 2,000 USDT are qualified for the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program. Whitelisted members will be able to claim APX once they meet the trading volume target.
By 8th December 2021 23:59 (UTC), users who participated in the ApolloX Draw & Earn Campaign are qualified for the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program. Whitelisted members will be able to claim APX once they meet the trading volume target.
How to Participate：
Step 1: Connect your wallet to ApolloX DEX. Click to see 
How to Connect Your Wallet
.
Step 2: You will see your Current Trading Volume, Target Trading Volume and Completion Rate on the Program dashboard. When you meet 100% Completion Rate, you can redeem the token reward. For more information, please visit the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program page.
Step 3: You will receive APX in the wallet connected to ApolloX DEX.
Program Notice：
1.
Qualified CEX users will be notified via email only for the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program. This program is not open to the public and is by invite only.
2.
Qualified participants will only be invited to one whitelist out of the three. Users will be qualified if they meet the trading volume requirements either on ApolloX CEX or DEX platform, by 8th December 2021 23:59 (UTC);
CEX users need to reply to the email invite with full information in order to participate in the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program successfully;
DEX users can directly participate through the Retroactive Mining Rewards Program page.
3.
During the program
, only DEX trading volume will be valid. CEX trading volume will not be counted.
4.
The final interpretation right of this program belongs to ApolloX.
 
The ApolloX app can be downloaded on Apple Store or Google Play 
here
.
Follow us on social media to stay up to date with ApolloX!
​
Telegram
 | 
Twitter
 | 
Facebook
 | 
Instagram
 | 
Reddit
​
Risk Reminder
: Crypto futures trading carries a substantial risk. All trading activities are done at your discretion and at your own risk. The information here should not be regarded as financial or investment advice from ApolloX. ApolloX will not be liable for any loss that might arise from your use of ApolloX.
Previous
Leaderboard (Coming Soon)
Next
 - ApolloX DAO
How To Participate?
Last modified 
4mo ago
Copy link