🎫
Get Voting Power
Overview: 
veNFT (vote-escrow NFT) will be the vesting and revenue model of ApolloX DAO.
Note: Users can obtain veNFT by staking in ApolloX DAO. veNFT is non-transferable and its power linearly depreciates with time. The power is a proof of the user’s governance vote as well as dividend weight.
 
How to participate
Step 1: Go to [Lock & get veNFT] page
DAO APY: user’s annualized percentage yield will be calculated based on a 7 days cycle.
Your lock-up quantity: accumulated amount of locked APX.
Your power: the sum of the power obtained by user’s total locked APX 
Your veNFT: the quantity of veNFT 
Step 2: Click [Create new Vault], as shown in the following screenshot:
Details of parameters:
Locked quantity: Users can input the amount of APX to be locked
Locked period: Users can choose to lock APX for 60 days, 180 days, 1 year or 4 years. 
The lock-up time will be calculated from every Thursday. Users may see a reduction of 1 to 5 days on the actual lock-up time display on the right panel.
Voting power: The voting power value is determined by the locked period, locked quantity and the expiry time. Click 
here
 to check out the formula for calculating power value.
Unlock time: Based on current veNFT unlock time, the user’s power value will linearly depreciate as the unlock time shortens.
Note: Once users click to lock, the process cannot be terminated halfway. Please choose the locked period carefully.
 
Step 3: manage your veNFT as shown:
Number
Numerical value
Paraphrase
01
NFT ID: 74
User NFT ID
02
700 APX
locked APX quantity
07
26.32
The user's Power value, which linearly depreciates with time.
09
2022/08/25
Unlock time
04&05
Update lock-up information
Users can update lock-up information here, including locked quantity and locked period
 
Once created, users can [manage] your cards and [claim] your rewards here.
Details for claiming DAO rewards:
Users will receive rewards of the previous cycle on the last day of the next cycle.
When veNFT expires, users will need to claim the rewards first before unlocking the locked tokens.
Expired veNFT will be destroyed.


ApolloX DAO - 
Previous
How To Participate?
Next
 - ApolloX DAO
DAO Staking
Last modified 
4mo ago
Copy link