🍀
Governance
This article explains the ApolloX DAO governance process from Request for Comments [RFC] to execution results.
1.
Post a request for comments in Discord;
2.
Preliminary discussion;
3.
Update and refine the solicitation for a proposal implementation;
4.
Snapshot Polling;
5.
Execute result or try again in 30 days.
Step 1: 
Seek for advice [RFC]
Submit suggestions on the ApolloX official discord forum using the [RFC] tag. This content needs to contain the following: 
Introduction:
 What is the current state? How would you like to improve? 
Advice:
 Do you have a good solution on how to improve? 
Dependencies:
 What are the resources needed to improve? 
Risk Assessment:
 What problems will this Improvement raise? What impact will your proposal have on the platform and ecology? 
Open Questions:
 Additional comments
Step 2: Discuss
1.
Monitor discussions and collect feedbacks;
2.
Post a message in the #brainstorming-and-ideas channel on Discord to gain the attention of community members;
3.
Encourage Discord community members to discuss and gather their opinions.
Step 3: Proposal
1.
Assuming that the user's solicitation has been discussed and a preliminary consensus has been reached, it is expected to reach the proposal stage after two weeks;
Note: In the early stage of the DAO system, the official will specify some users to become administrators to submit proposals
1.
Admins to use the [RFC] tag to update proposal content with suggestions from users in the discussion;
2.
Update [RFC] tag to [Proposal];
3.
Collect final feedback and update on the changes.
Step 4: Snapshot
Admins can vote on 
Snapshot
 on proposals. If you can't post, ask for help in the #governance channel on Discord. 
Voting Rights:
 Calculate the number of votes of users based on the sum of the user's Power value at the time of the snapshot
Step 5: Result
If the vote fails, re-initiating the vote on the proposal only can made after 30 days. 
If the vote is successful, the proposal will continue to execute, depending on the content of the vote, multiple signatures may be required.
Previous
Discounted Trading Fees
Next
 - API
Create API
Last modified 
4mo ago
Copy link
On this page
Step 1: Seek for advice [RFC]
Step 2: Discuss
Step 3: Proposal
Step 4: Snapshot
Step 5: Result