Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Last revised: 27 July, 2021
These ApolloX Terms of Use is entered into between you (hereinafter referred to as "you" or "your") and ApolloX operators (as defined below). By accessing, downloading, using or clicking on "I agree" to accept any ApolloX Services (as defined below) provided by ApolloX (as defined below), you agree that you have read, understood and accepted all of the terms and conditions stipulated in these Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as "these Terms") as well as our 
Privacy Policy
 at privacy. In addition, when using some features of the Services, you may be subject to specific additional terms and conditions applicable to those features.
Please read the terms carefully as they govern your use of ApolloX Services.These terms contain important provisions including an arbitration provision that requires all claims to be resolved by way of legally binding arbitration.The terms of the arbitration provision are set forth in Article 10, "Resolving Disputes: Forum, Arbitration, Class Action Waiver", hereunder. As with any asset, the values of Digital Currencies (as defined below) may fluctuate significantly and there is a substantial risk of economic losses when purchasing, selling, holding or investing in Digital Currencies and their derivatives.By making use of ApolloX services, you acknowledge and agree that: (1) You are aware of the risks associated with transactions of digital currencies and their derivatives; (2) You shall assume all risks related to the use of ApolloX services and transactions of digital currencies and their derivatives; and (3) ApolloX shall not be liable for any such risks or adverse outcomes.
By accessing, using or attempting to use ApolloX Services in any capacity, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree, do not access ApolloX or utilize ApolloX services.
1.
Definitions
1.1 ApolloX:
ApolloX refers to an ecosystem comprising ApolloX websites (whose domain names include but are not limited to www.apollox.com), mobile applications, clients, applets and other applications that are developed to offer ApolloX Services, and includes independently-operated platforms, websites and clients within the ecosystem (e.g. ApolloX’s Open Platform, ApolloX Launchpad, ApolloX Labs, ApolloX Charity, ApolloX DEX, ApolloX X, JEX, Trust Wallet, and fiat gateways). In case of any inconsistency between relevant terms of use of the above platforms and the contents of these Terms, the respective applicable terms of such platforms shall prevail.
1.2 ApolloX Operators:
ApolloX refer to all parties that run ApolloX, including but not limited to legal persons, unincorporated organizations and teams that provide ApolloX Services and are responsible for such services. For convenience, unless otherwise stated, references to "ApolloX" and "we" in these Terms specifically mean ApolloX Operators.Under these terms, ApolloX operators may change as ApolloX’s business adjusts, in which case, the changed operators shall perform their obligations under these terms with you and provide services to you, and such change does not affect your rights and interests under these terms. additionally, the scope of ApolloX operators may be expanded due to the provision of new ApolloX services, in which case, if you continue to use ApolloX services, it is deemed that you have agreed to jointly execute these terms with the newly added ApolloX operators. In case of a dispute, you shall determine the entities by which these terms are performed with you and the counterparties of the dispute, depending on the specific services you use and the particular actions that affect your rights or interests.
1.3 ApolloX Services:
ApolloX Services refer to various services provided to you by ApolloX that are based on Internet and/or blockchain technologies and offered via ApolloX websites, mobile applications, clients and other forms (including new ones enabled by future technological development).
ApolloX Services include but are not limited to such ApolloX ecosystem components as Digital Asset Trading Platforms, the financing sector, ApolloX Labs, ApolloX Academy, ApolloX Charity, ApolloX Info, ApolloX Launchpad, ApolloX Research, ApolloX Chain, ApolloX X, ApolloX Fiat Gateway, existing services offered by Trust Wallet and novel services to be provided by ApolloX.
1.4 ApolloX Platform Rules:
ApolloX Platform Rules refer to all rules, interpretations, announcements, statements, letters of consent and other contents that have been and will be subsequently released by ApolloX, as well as all regulations, implementation rules, product process descriptions, and announcements published in the Help Center or within products or service processes.
1.5 Users:
Users refer to all individuals, institutions or organizations that access, download or use ApolloX or ApolloX Services and who meet the criteria and conditions stipulated by ApolloX. If there exist other agreements for such entities as developers, distributors, market makers, and Digital Currencies exchanges, such agreements shall be followed.
1.6 Digital Currencies:
Digital Currencies refer to encrypted or digital tokens or cryptocurrencies with a certain value that are based on blockchain and cryptography technologies and are issued and managed in a decentralized form.
1.7 Digital Assets:
Digital Assets refer to Digital Currencies, their derivatives or other types of digitalized assets with a certain value.
1.8 ApolloX Accounts:
ApolloX Accounts refer to the foundational virtual accounts, including main accounts and subaccounts, which are opened by ApolloX for Users to record on ApolloX their usage of ApolloX Services, transactions, asset changes and basic information. ApolloX Accounts serve as the basis for Users to enjoy and exercise their rights on ApolloX.
1.9 Crypto-to-crypto Trading:
Crypto-to-crypto Trading refers to spot transactions in which one digital currency is exchanged for another digital currency.
1.10 Fiat Trading:
Fiat Trading refers to spot transactions in which Digital Currencies are exchanged for fiat currencies or vice versa.
1.11 Collateral Accounts:
Collateral Accounts refer to special accounts opened by Users on ApolloX to deposit and withdraw collateral (such as margins) in accordance with these Terms (including the ApolloX Contract Services Agreement and ApolloX Platform Rules), as required for contract transactions, leveraged trading and/or currency borrowing services.
1.12 Loan/Lending:
Loan/Lending refers to ApolloX’s lending of Digital Currencies to Users at an interest collected in certain ways (in the form of Digital Currencies), including but not limited to the leveraged trading and currency lending services currently offered, and other forms of loan/lending services to be launched by ApolloX.
1.
General Provisions
2.1 About These Terms
1.
Contractual Relationship
These Terms constitute a legal agreement and create a binding contract between you and ApolloX Operators.
2. Supplementary Terms
Due to the rapid development of Digital Currencies and ApolloX, these Terms between you and ApolloX Operators do not enumerate or cover all rights and obligations of each party, and do not guarantee full alignment with needs arising from future development. Therefore,The privacy policy (()), ApolloX platform rules, and all other agreements entered into separately between you and ApolloX are deemed supplementary terms that are an integral part of these terms and shall have the same legal effect. Your use of ApolloX services is deemed your acceptance of the above supplementary terms.
3. Changes to These Terms
ApolloX reserves the right to change or modify these Terms in its discretion at any time. ApolloX will notify such changes by updating the terms on its website 0 and modifying the (Last revised) date displayed on this page.Any and all modifications or changes to these terms will become effective upon publication on the website or release to users.
Therefore, your continued use of ApolloX services is deemed your acceptance of the modified agreement and rules. if you do not agree to any changes to these terms, you must stop using ApolloX services immediately. You are recommended to frequently review these terms to ensure your understanding of the terms and conditions that apply to your access to and use of ApolloX services.
4. Prohibition of Use
By accessing and using ApolloX services, you represent and warrant that you have not been included in any trade embargoes or economic sanctions list (such as the united nations security council sanctions list), the list of specially designated nationals maintained by ofac (the office of foreign assets control of the u.s. department of the treasury), or the denied persons or entity list of the u.s. department of commerce. ApolloX reserves the right to choose markets and jurisdictions to conduct business, and may restrict or refuse, in its discretion, the provision of ApolloX services in certain countries or regions.
2.2 About ApolloX
As an important part of the ApolloX Ecosystem, ApolloX mainly serves as a global online platform for Digital Assets trading, and provides Users with a trading platform, financing services, technical services and other Digital Assets-related services. As further detailed in Article 3 below, Users must register and open an account with ApolloX, and deposit Digital Assets into their account prior to trading. Users may, subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms, apply for the withdrawal of Digital Assets.
Although ApolloX has been committed to maintaining the accuracy of the information provided through Apollox Services, ApolloX cannot and does not guarantee its accuracy, applicability, reliability, integrity, performance or appropriateness, nor shall ApolloX be liable for any loss or damage that may be caused directly or indirectly by your use of these contents. The information about ApolloX Services may change without notice, and the main purpose of providing such information is to help Users make independent decisions. ApolloX does not provide investment or consulting advice of any kind, and is not responsible for the use or interpretation of information on ApolloX or any other communication medium. All Users of Apollox Services must understand the risks involved in Digital Assets trading, and are recommended to exercise prudence and trade responsibly within their own capabilities.
2.3 ApolloX Account Registration and Requirements
1.
Registration
All Users must apply for a ApolloX Account at register before using ApolloX Services. When you register a ApolloX Account, you must provide your real name, email address and password, and accept these Terms, the Privacy Policy, and other ApolloX Platform Rules. ApolloX may refuse, in its discretion, to open a ApolloX Account for you. You agree to provide complete and accurate information when opening a ApolloX Account, and agree to timely update any information you provide to ApolloX to maintain the integrity and accuracy of the information. Only one User can be registered at a time, but each individual User (including any User that is a business or legal entity) may maintain only one main account at any given time. Institutional Users (including Users that are businesses and other legal entities) can open one or more subaccounts under the main account with the consent of ApolloX. For certain ApolloX Services, you may be required to set up a special account independent from your ApolloX Account, based on the provisions of these Terms or the Supplementary Terms. The registration, use, protection and management of such trading accounts are equally governed by the provisions of this article and article 6, unless otherwise stated in these Terms or the Supplementary Terms.
2. Account Usage Requirements
The ApolloX Account can only be used by the account registrant. ApolloX reserves the right to suspend, freeze or cancel the use of ApolloX Accounts by persons other than account registrant. If you suspect or become aware of any unauthorized use of your username and password, you should notify ApolloX immediately. ApolloX assumes no liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of ApolloX Account by you or any third party with or without your authorization.
3. Account Security
ApolloX has been committed to maintaining the security of User entrusted funds, and has implemented industry standard protection for ApolloX Services. However, the actions of individual Users may pose risks. You shall agree to treat your access credentials (such as username and password) as confidential information, and not to disclose such information to any third party. You also agree to be solely responsible for taking the necessary security measures to protect your ApolloX Account and personal information.
You should be solely responsible for keeping safe of your ApolloX Account and password, and be responsible for all the transactions under your ApolloX Account. ApolloX assumes no liability for any loss or consequences caused by authorized or unauthorized use of your account credentials, including but not limited to information disclosure, information release, consent or submission of various rules and agreements by clicking on the website, online agreement renewal, etc.
By creating a ApolloX Account, you hereby agree that:
1.
you will notify ApolloX immediately if you are aware of any unauthorized use of your ApolloX Account and password or any other violation of security rules;
2.
you will strictly abide by all mechanisms or procedures of ApolloX regarding security, authentication, trading, charging, and withdrawal;
3.
you will take appropriate steps to logout from ApolloX at the end of each visit.
4.
Personal Data
Your personal data will be properly protected and kept confidential, but ApolloX has the right to collect, process, use or disclose your personal data in accordance with the Terms (including the Privacy Policy) or applicable laws. Depending on the products or services concerned, your personal data may be disclosed to the following third parties:
1.
your transaction counterparty;
2.
ApolloX Operators, and the shareholders, partners, investors, directors, supervisors, senior managers and employees of such entities;
3.
our joint ventures, alliance partners and business partners;
4.
our agents, contractors, suppliers, third-party service providers and professional advisers, including the parties who have been contracted to provide us with administrative, financial, research, operations, IT and other services, in such areas as telecommunications, information technology, payroll, information processing, training, market research, storage and archival;
5.
third-party business partners who provide goods and services or sponsor contests or other promotional activities, whether or not in cooperation with us;
6.
insurance companies or insurance investigators and credit providers;
7.
credit bureaus, or any debt collection agencies or dispute resolution centers in the event of violation or dispute;
8.
business partners, investors, trustees or assignees (actual or expected) that promote business asset transactions (which can be broadened to include any merger, acquisition or asset sale) of ApolloX Operators;
9.
professional consultants such as auditors and lawyers;
10.
relevant government regulatory agencies or law enforcement agencies to comply with laws or regulations formulated by government authorities;
11.
assignees of our rights and obligations;
12.
banks, credit card companies and their respective service providers;
13.
persons with your consent as determined by you or the applicable contract.
14.
ApolloX Services
Upon completion of the registration and identity verification for your ApolloX Account, you may use various ApolloX Services, including but not limited to, Crypto-to-crypto Trading, contract trading and other information released by ApolloX, participating in User activities held by ApolloX, etc., in accordance with the provisions of these Terms (including ApolloX Platform Rules and other individual agreements). ApolloX has the right to:
⋅ Provide, modify or terminate, in its discretion, any ApolloX Services based on its development plan;
⋅ Allow or prohibit some Users’ use of any ApolloX Services in accordance with relevant ApolloX Platform Rules.
3.1. Service Usage Guidelines
1.
License
Provided that you constantly comply with the express terms and conditions stated in these Terms, ApolloX grants you a revocable, limited, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use ApolloX Services through your computer or Internet compatible devices for your personal/internal purposes. You are prohibited to use ApolloX Services for resale or commercial purposes, including transactions on behalf of other persons or entities. All the above actions are expressly prohibited and constitute a material violation of these Terms. The content layout, format, function and access rights regarding ApolloX Services should be stipulated in the discretion of ApolloX. ApolloX reserves all rights not expressly granted in these Terms. Therefore, you are hereby prohibited from using ApolloX Services in any way not expressly authorized by these Terms.
These Terms only grant a limited license to access and use ApolloX Services. Therefore, you hereby agree that when you use ApolloX Services, ApolloX does not transfer ApolloX Services or the ownership of intellectual property rights of any ApolloX intellectual property to you or anyone else. All the text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interface, photos, sounds, process flow diagrams, computer code (including html code), programs, software, products, information and documents, as well as the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, look and feel, and layout of any content included in the services or provided through ApolloX Services, are exclusively owned, controlled and/or licensed by ApolloX Operators or its members, parent companies, licensors or affiliates.
ApolloX owns any feedback, suggestions, ideas, or other information or materials (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Feedback") about ApolloX or ApolloX Services that you provide through email, ApolloX Services, or other ways. You hereby transfer all rights, ownership and interests of the Feedback and all related intellectual property rights to ApolloX. You have no right and hereby waive any request for acknowledgment or compensation based on any Feedback, or any modifications based on any Feedback.
1.
Restriction
When you use ApolloX Services, you agree and undertake to comply with the following provisions:
1.During the use of ApolloX Services, all activities you carry out should comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, these Terms, and various guidelines of ApolloX;
2.Your use of ApolloX Services should not violate public interests, public morals, or the legitimate interests of others, including any actions that would interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or prohibit other Users from using ApolloX Services;
3.You agree not to use the services for market manipulation (such as pump and dump schemes, wash trading, self-trading, front running, quote stuffing, and spoofing or layering, regardless of whether prohibited by law);
4.Without written consent from ApolloX, the following commercial uses of ApolloX data are prohibited:
1) Trading services that make use of ApolloX quotes or market bulletin board information.
2) Data feeding or streaming services that make use of any market data of ApolloX.
3) Any other websites/apps/services that charge for or otherwise profit from (including through advertising or referral fees) market data obtained from ApolloX.
5.Without prior written consent from ApolloX, you may not modify, replicate, duplicate, copy, download, store, further transmit, disseminate, transfer, disassemble, broadcast, publish, remove or alter any copyright statement or label, or license, sub-license, sell, mirror, design, rent, lease, private label, grant security interests in the properties or any part of the properties, or create their derivative works or otherwise take advantage of any part of the properties.
6.You may not (i) use any deep linking, web crawlers, bots, spiders or other automatic devices, programs, scripts, algorithms or methods, or any similar or equivalent manual processes to access, obtain, copy or monitor any part of the properties, or replicate or bypass the navigational structure or presentation of ApolloX Services in any way, in order to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information in any manner not purposely provided through ApolloX Services; (ii) attempt to access any part or function of the properties without authorization, or connect to ApolloX Services or any ApolloX servers or any other systems or networks of any ApolloX Services provided through the services by hacking, password mining or any other unlawful or prohibited means; (iii) probe, scan or test the vulnerabilities of ApolloX Services or any network connected to the properties, or violate any security or authentication measures on ApolloX Services or any network connected to ApolloX Services; (iv) reverse look-up, track or seek to track any information of any other Users or visitors of ApolloX Services; (v) take any actions that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of systems or networks of ApolloX Services or ApolloX, or the infrastructure of any systems or networks connected to ApolloX services; (vi) use any devices, software or routine programs to interfere with the normal operation of ApolloX Services or any transactions on ApolloX Services, or any other person’s use of ApolloX Services; (vii) forge headers, impersonate, or otherwise manipulate identification, to disguise your identity or the origin of any messages or transmissions you send to ApolloX, or (viii) use ApolloX Services in an illegal way.
By accessing ApolloX Services, you agree that ApolloX has the right to investigate any violation of these Terms, unilaterally determine whether you have violated these Terms, and take actions under relevant regulations without your consent or prior notice. Examples of such actions include, but are not limited to:
⋅ Blocking and closing order requests;
⋅ Freezing your account;
⋅ Reporting the incident to the authorities;
⋅ Publishing the alleged violations and actions that have been taken;
⋅ Deleting any information you published that are found to be violations.
3.2. Futures Trading
Unless otherwise specified by ApolloX, to conduct Futures Trading, you must conclude with ApolloX a separate ApolloX Futures Service Agreement ( faq) and open a special Collateral Account, following the completion of registration and identity verification for your ApolloX Account. You acknowledge and agree that:
1.
You fully understand the high risks of Futures Trading, including but not limited to the risk of major fluctuations of Digital Assets in Futures Trading, and the risk of exacerbated adverse outcome when leverage is used;
2.
You have sufficient investment knowledge and experience and the capacity to take risks arising from Futures Trading, and agree to independently assume all the risks arising from the investment of Futures Trading;
3.
Before performing Futures Trading, you have read and understood all the contents of the ApolloX Futures Service Agreement and the relevant ApolloX Platform Rules, and have consulted relevant professionals to make informed decisions on whether and how to complete Futures Trading according to their recommendations and your own reasonable judgement;
4.
You agree and authorize ApolloX to take various reasonable measures in its discretion (including but not limited to forced liquidation and forced position reduction under specific circumstances) in accordance with the ApolloX Futures Service Agreement and the relevant ApolloX Platform Rules to protect the legitimate interests of you, ApolloX and other Users.
4. Liabilities
4.1 Disclaimer of Warranties
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Apollox services, apollox materials and any product, service or other item provided by or on behalf of apollox are offered on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and apollox expressly disclaims, and you waive, any and all other warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement or warranties arising from course of performance, course of dealing or usage in trade. Without limitir he foregoing, Apollox does not represent or warrant that the site, Apollox services or apollox materials are accurate, complete, reliable, current, error-free, or free of viruses or other harmful components. Apollox does not guarantee that any order will be executed, accepted, recorded or remain open. except for the express statements, agreements and rules set forth in these terms, you hereby acknowledge and agree that you have not relied upon any other statement or agreement, whether written or oral, with respect to your use and access of apollox services. Without limiting the foregoing, you hereby understand and agree that apollox will not be liable for any losses or damages arising out of or relating to: (a) Any inaccuracy, defect or omission of digital assets price data, (b) Any error or delay in the transmission of such data, (c) Interruption in any such data, (d) Regular or unscheduled maintenance carried out by apollox and service interruption and change resulting from such maintenance, (e) Any damages incurred by other users' actions, omissions or violation of these terms, (1) Any damage caused by illegal actions of other third parties or actions without authorized by apollox; and (g) Other exemptions mentioned in disclaimers and platform rules issued by apollox.
The disclaimer of implied warranties contained herein may not apply if and to the extent it is prohibited by applicable law of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
4.2 Disclaimer of Damages and Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will ApolloX, its affliates and their respective shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, representatives, suppliers or contractors be liable for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or similar damages or liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data, information, revenue, profits or other businesses or financial benefits) arising out of ApolloX services, any performance or non-performance of ApolloX services, or any other product, service or other item provided by or on behalf of ApolloX and its affiliates, whether under contract, statute, strict liability or other theory even if ApolloX has been advised of the possibility of such damages except to the extent of a final judicial determination that such damages were a result of ApolloX's gross negligence, fraud, willful misconduct or intentional violation of law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the liability of ApolloX, its affliates and their respective shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, representatives, suppliers or contractors arising out of services offered by or on behalf of ApolloX and its affiliates, any performance or non-performance of ApolloX services, or any other product, service or other item, whether under contract, statute, strict liability or other theory, exceed the amount of the fees paid by you to ApolloX under these terms in the twelve-month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to the claim for liability.
4.3 Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless ApolloX Operators, their affiliates, contractors, licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any claims, actions, proceedings, investigations, demands, suits, costs, expenses and damages (including attorneys' fees, fines or penalties imposed by any regulatory authority) arising out of or related to () your use of, or conduct in connection with, ApolloX Services, (i) your breach or our enforcement of these Terms, or (ii) your violation of any applicable law, regulation, or rights of any third party during your use of ApolloX Services. If you are obligated to indemnify ApolloX Operators, their affliates, contractors, licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees or agents pursuant to these Terms, ApolloX will have the right, in its sole discretion, to control any action or proceeding and to determine whether ApolloX wishes to settle, and if so, on what terms.
5. Announcements
Please be aware that all official announcements, news, promotions, competitions and airdrops will be listed on announcement. Users undertake to refer to these materials regularly and promptly. ApolloX will not be held liable or responsible in any manner of compensation should users incur personal losses arising from ignorance or negligence of the announcements.
6. Termination of Agreement
6.1 Suspension of ApolloX Accounts
You agree that ApolloX shall have the right to immediately suspend your ApolloX Account (and any accounts beneficially owned by related entities or afiliates), freeze or lock the Digital Assets or funds in all such accounts, and suspend your access to ApolloX for any reason including if ApolloX suspects any such accounts to be in violation of these Terms, our Privacy Policy, or any applicable laws and regulations. You agree that ApolloX shall not be liable to you for any permanent or temporary modification of your ApolloX Account, or suspension or termination of your access to all or any portion of ApolloX Services. ApolloX shall reserve the right to keep and use the transaction data or other information related to such ApolloX Accounts. The above account controls may also be applied in the following cases:
⋅ The ApolloX Account is subject to governmental proceeding, criminal investigation or other pending litigation;
⋅ We detect unusual activities in the ApolloX Account;
⋅ We detect unauthorized access to the ApolloX Account;
⋅ We are required to do so by a court order or command by a regulatory/government authority.
6.2 Cancellation of ApolloX Accounts
In case of any of the following events, ApolloX shall have the right to directly terminate these Terms by cancelling your ApolloX Account, and shall enjoy the right but not the obligation to permanently freeze (cancel) the authorizations of your ApolloX Account on ApolloX and withdraw the corresponding ApolloX Account there of:
⋅ after ApolloX terminates services to you;
⋅ you allegedly register or register in any other person's name as a ApolloX User again, directly or indirectly;
⋅ the information that you have provided is untruthful, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete;
⋅ when these Terms are amended, you state your unwillingness to accept the amended Terms by applying for cancellation of your ApolloX Account or by other means;
⋅ you request that ApolloX Services be terminated;
⋅ any other circumstances where ApolloX deems it should terminate ApolloX Services.
Should your ApolloX Account be terminated, the account and transactional information that meet data retention standards will be securely stored for 5 years. In addition, if a transaction is unfinished during the account termination process, ApolloX shall have the right to notify your counterparty of the situation at that time. You acknowledge that a user-initiated account exit (right to erasure under GDPR or other equivalent regulations) will also be subjected to the termination protocol stated above.
If ApolloX is informed that any Digital Assets or funds held in your ApolloX Account are stolen or otherwise are not lawfully possessed by you, ApolloX may, but has no obligation to, place an administrative hold on the affected funds and your ApolloX Account. If ApolloX does lay down an administrative hold on some or all of your funds or ApolloX Account, ApolloX may continue such hold until such time as the dispute has been resolved and evidence of the resolution acceptable to ApolloX has been provided to ApolloX in a form acceptable to ApolloX. ApolloX will not involve itself in any such dispute or the resolution of the dispute. You agree that ApolloX will have no liability or responsibility for any such hold, or for your inability to withdraw Digital Assets or funds or execute trades during the period of any such hold.
6.3 Remaining Funds After ApolloX Account Termination
Except as set forth in paragraph 4 below, once a ApolloX Account is closed/withdrawn, all remaining account balance (which includes charges and liabilities owed to ApolloX) will be payable immediately to ApolloX. Upon payment of all outstanding charges to ApolloX (if any), Users will have 5 business days to withdraw all Digital Assets or funds from the account.
6.4 Remaining Funds After ApolloX Account Termination Due to Fraud, Violation of Law, or Violation of These Terms
ApolloX maintains full custody of the Digital Assets, funds and User data/information which may be turned over to governmental authorities in the event of ApolloX Accounts' suspension/closure arising from fraud investigations, investigations of violation of law or violation of these Terms.
7. No Financial Advice
ApolloX is not your broker, intermediary, agent, or advisor and has no fiduciary relationship or obligation to you in connection with any trades or other decisions or activities effected by you using ApolloX Services. No communication or information provided to you by ApolloX is intended as, or shall be considered or construed as, investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice. Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all trades are executed automatically, based on the parameters of your order instructions and in accordance with posted trade execution procedures, and you are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, investment strategy or related transaction is appropriate for you according to your personal investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance, and you shall be solely responsible for any loss or liability therefrom. You should consult legal or tax professionals regarding your specific situation. ApolloX does not recommend that any Digital Asset should be bought, earned, sold, or held by you. Before making the decision to buy, sell or hold any Digital Asset, you should conduct your own due diligence and consult your financial advisors prior to making any investment decision. ApolloX will not be held responsible for the decisions you make to buy, sell, or hold Digital Asset based on the information provided by ApolloX.
8. Compliance with Local Laws
It is Users' responsibility to abide by local laws in relation to the legal usage of ApolloX Services in their local jurisdiction as well as other laws and regulations applicable to Users. Users must also factor, to the extent of their local laws all aspects of taxation, the withholding, collection, reporting and remittance to their appropriate tax authorities.All users of apollox services acknowledge and declare that their funds come from legitimate sources and do not originate from illegal activities; Users agree that apollox will require them to provide or otherwise collect the necessary information and materials as per relevant laws or government orders to verify the legality of the sources and use of their funds.ApolloX maintains a stance of cooperation with law eforcement authorities globally and will not hesitate to seize, freeze, terminate Users' accounts and funds which are flagged out or investigated by legal mandate.
9. Privacy Policy
Access to ApolloX Services will require the submission of certain personally identifiable information. Please review ApolloX’s Privacy Policy at privacy for a summary of ApolloX’s guidelines regarding the collection and use of personally identifiable information.
10. Resolving Disputes: Forum, Arbitration, Class Action Waiver
Please read this section carefully, as it involves a waiver of certain rights to bring legal proceedings, including as a class action.
10.1 Notice of Claim
Notice of Claim and Dispute Resolution Period.Please contact ApolloX( chat) first! ApolloX wants to address your concerns without resorting to formal legal proceedings, if possible. If you have a dispute with ApolloX, then you should contact ApolloX and a ticket number will be assigned. ApolloX will attempt to resolve your dispute internally as soon as possible. The parties agree to negotiate in good faith to resolve the dispute (which discussions shall remain confidential and be subject to applicable rules protecting settlement discussions from use as evidence in any legal proceeding).
In the event the dispute cannot be resolved satisfactorily, and you wish to assert a legal claim against ApolloX, then you agree to set forth the basis of such claim in writing in a "Notice of Claim" as a form of prior notice to ApolloX. The Notice of Claim must (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, (2) set forth the specific relief sought, (3) provide the original ticket number, and (4) include your ApolloX account email. The Notice of Claim should be submitted to an email address or hyperlink provided in your correspondence with ApolloX. After you have provided the Notice of Claim to ApolloX, the dispute referenced in the Notice of Claim may be submitted by either ApolloX or you to arbitration in accordance with paragraph 2 of this Section, below. For the avoidance of doubt, the submission of a dispute to ApolloX for resolution internally and the delivery of a Notice of Claim to ApolloX are prerequisites to commencement of an arbitration proceeding (or any other legal proceeding). During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or ApolloX shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator.
10.2 Agreement to Arbitrate
Agreement to Arbitrate and Governing Law. You and ApolloX Operators agree that, subject to paragraph 1 above, any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and ApolloX (and/or ApolloX Operators) arising in connection with or relating in any way to these Terms or to your relationship with ApolloX (and/or ApolloX Operators) as a user of ApolloX Services (whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and whether the claims arise during or after the termination of these Terms) will be determined by mandatory final and binding individual (not class) arbitration, except as set forth below under Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate.
You and ApolloX Operators further agree that the arbitrator shall have the exclusive power to rule on his or her own jurisdiction, including without limitation any objections with respect to the existence, scope or validity of the Agreement to Arbitrate, or to the arbitrability of any claim or counterclaim. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. There may be more limited discovery than in court. The arbitrator must follow this agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including, if applicable, attorney fees), except that the arbitrator may not award declaratory or injunctive relief in favour of anyone but the parties to the arbitration. The arbitration provisions set forth in this Section will survive termination of these Terms. Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be subject to the HKIAC Administered Arbitration Rules (HKIAC. Rules) in force when the Notice of Arbitration is submitted, as modified by this Section X. The arbitration will be administered by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (HKIAC). Unless the parties agree otherwise, there shall be only one arbitrator appointed in accordance with the HKIAC Rules. Any arbitration will be conducted in the English language. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based. Judgment on any arbitral award may be given in any court having jurisdiction over the party (or over the assets of the party) against whom such an award is rendered. Time for filing: Any arbitration against ApolloX operators must be commenced by filing a request for arbitration within one (1) year, after the date the party asserting the claim first knows or reasonably should know of the act, omission or default giving rise to the claim, And there shall be no right to any remedy for any claim not asserted within that time period. This one year limitation period is inclusive of the internal dispute resolution procedure set forth in paragraph 1 of this section, above. There shall be no right to any remedy for any claim not asserted within that time period. If applicable law prohibits a one-year limitation period for asserting claims, any claim must be asserted within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law. Process; Notice: The party who intends to seek arbitration after the expiration of the Dispute Resolution Period set forth in paragraph 1, above, must submit a request to the HKIAC in accordance with the HKIAC Rules. If we request arbitration against you, we will give you notice at the email address or mailing address you have provided. You agree that any notice sent to this email or mailing address shall be deemed effective for all purposes, including without limitation to determinations of adequacy of service. It is your obligation to ensure that the email address and/or mailing address on file with ApolloX is up-to-date and accurate. Seat of Arbitration: The seat of the arbitration shall be Hong Kong. Place of Hearing: The location of any in-person arbitration hearing shall be Hong Kong, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties. Governing Law: These Terms (including this arbitration agreement) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Hong Kong. Confidentiality. The parties agree that the arbitration shall be kept confidential. The existence of the arbitration, any nonpublic information provided in the arbitration, and any submissions, orders or awards made in the arbitration (together, the "Confidential Information") shall not be disclosed to any non-party except the tribunal, the HKIAC, the parties, their counsel, experts, witnesses, accountants and auditors, insurers and reinsurers, and any other person necessary to the conduct of the arbitration.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent that disclosure may be required to fulfill a legal duty, protect or pursue a legal right, or enforce or challenge an award in bona fide legal proceedings. This confidentiality provision shall survive termination of these Terms and of any arbitration brought pursuant to these Terms.
10.3 Class Action Waiver
You and ApolloX agree that any claims relating to these Terms or to your relationship with ApolloX as a user of ApolloX Services (whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and whether the claims arise during or after the termination of these Terms) shall be brought against the other party in an arbitration on an individual basis only and not as a plaintiff or class member in a purported class or representative action. You and ApolloX further agree to waive any right for such claims to be brought, heard, or arbitrated as a class, collective, representative, or private attorney general action, to the extent permissible by applicable law. Combining or consolidating individual arbitrations into a single arbitration is not permitted without the consent of all parties, including ApolloX.
10.4 Modifications
ApolloX reserves the right to update, modify, revise, suspend, or make any future changes to Section X regarding the parties' Agreement to Arbitrate, subject to applicable law. You hereby consent and agree that it is your responsibility to ensure that your understanding of this Section is up to date. Subject to the applicable law, your continued use of your ApolloX account shall be deemed to be your acceptance of any modifications to Section X regarding the parties' Agreement to Arbitrate. You agree that if you object to the modifications to Section x, ApolloX may block access to your account pending closure of your account. In such circumstances, the Terms of Use prior to modification shall remain in full force and effect pending closure of your account.
10.5 Severability
If any portion of these Terms are adjudged to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason or to any extent, the remainder of these Terms will remain valid and enforceable and the invalid or unenforceable portion will be given effect to the greatest extent permitted by law. pending closure of your account.
11. Miscellaneous
11.1 Independent Parties
ApolloX is an independent contractor but not an agent of you in the performance of these Terms. These Terms shall not be interpreted as facts or evidence of an association, joint venture, partnership, or franchise between the parties.
11.2 Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between the parties regarding use of ApolloX Services and will supersede all prior written or oral agreements between the parties. No usage of trade or other regular practice or method of dealing between the parties will be used to modify, interpret, supplement, or alter the terms herein.
11.3 Interpretation and Revision
ApolloX reserves the right to alter, revise, modify, and/or change these Terms at any time. All changes will take effect immediately upon being published on ApolloX websites. It is your responsibility to regularly check relevant pages on our websites/applications to confirm the latest version of these Terms. If you do not agree to any such modifications, your only remedy is to terminate your usage of ApolloX Services and cancel your account. You agree that, unless otherwise expressly provided in these Terms, ApolloX will not be responsible for any modification or termination or ApolloX Services by you or any third party, or suspension or termination of your access to ApolloX Services.
11.4 Force Majeure
ApolloX will not be liable for any delay or failure to perform as required by these Terms because of any cause or condition beyond ApolloX's reasonable control.
11.5 Severability
If any portion of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or enforceability will not affect the other provisions of these Terms, which will remain in full force and effect, and the invalid or unenforceable portion will be given effect to the greatest extent possible.
11.6 Assignment
You may not assign or transfer any right to use ApolloX Services or any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without prior written consent from ApolloX, including any right or obligation related to the enforcement of laws or the change of control. ApolloX may assign or transfer any or all of its rights or obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, without notice or obtaining your consent or approval.
11.7 Waiver
The failure of one party to require performance of any provision will not affect that part) right to require performance at any time thereafter. At the same time, the waiver of one party to seek recovery for the other party's violation of these Terms or any provision of applicable terms shall not constitute a waiver by that party of any subsequent breach or violation by the other party or of the provision itself.
11.8 Third-Party Website Disclaimer
Any links to third-party websites from ApolloX Services does not imply endorsement by ApolloX of any product, service, information or disclaimer presented therein, nor does ApolloX guarantee the accuracy of the information contained on them. If you suffer loss from using such third-party product and service, ApolloX will not be liable for such loss. In addition, since ApolloX has no control over the terms of use or privacy policies of third-party websites, you should read and understand those policies carefully.
11.9 Matters Related to Apple Inc
If you use any device manufactured by Apple Inc. to participate in any commercial activities or reward programs through ApolloX Services, such activities and programs are provided by ApolloX and are not associated with Apple Inc. in any manner.
11.10 Contact Information
For more information on ApolloX, you may refer to the company and license information found on ApolloX websites. If you have questions regarding these Terms, please feel free to contact ApolloX for clarification via our Customer Support team at 
chat
.


About Us - 
Previous
Privacy Policy
Next
Restriction
Last modified 
4mo ago
Copy link